Adding -ShowPeoplePickerGroupSuggestionsForIB setting to Set-SPOTenant.md (#239)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Set-SPOTenant.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ShowPeoplePickerGroupSuggestionsForIB

> The ShowPeoplePickerGroupSuggestionsForIB setting (defaulted to false) will allow to show group suggestions for IB in the people picker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ShowPeoplePickerGroupSuggestionsForIB setting (defaulted to false) allows showing group suggestions for information barriers (IBs) in the People Picker.
```
